Good morning, Sabrina.
Morning.
What'll it be?
Egg white omelet or oatmeal?
(screams)
Okay, you can have a Pop-Tart.
No. It's your faces--
you all have Harvey's face.
Even the cat.
I am Harvey...
and I need 20 bucks.
I'm attracted to all of you,
yet I'm repulsed.
Oh, make it stop.
Oh, honey,
sometimes when a witch
really loves someone
and can't stop
thinking about them
they literally see the
object of their affection
in other people's faces.
Yeah. It happens to me
all the time.
Hi, baby.
Help.
All you have to do
to make it stop
is say out loud
how you feel about Harvey.
I really love and miss Harvey.
SABRINA:
Ah, much better.
¶ ¶
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
¶ Secrets ¶
¶ You're never gonna know ¶
¶ You're never gonna get it ¶
¶ Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah ¶
¶ Secrets, secrets ¶
¶ Secrets. ¶
¶ ¶
You want my mayonnaise?
Nah.
Harvey would have.
He always liked my condiments.
Sometimes
he'd even eat my garnish.
Oh, just take it.
There's Harvey.
No Colette.
Go talk to him.
All right, I'm going.
Hi.
So, how have you been?
Hi, guys.
Oh, Harvey,
you left your chemistry book.
You forgot it
in my locker.
Oops.
I forgot napkins.
Oh, you're sharing lockers now?
Well, I got a new plant.
A green one?
Oh, Harvey, my mom wants to know
if you could bring a pumpkin pie
to Thanksgiving dinner.
But we always have
Thanksgiving at your...
It's a philodendron. Excuse me.
Can I have your mayonnaise?
Sure.
Sabrina, shouldn't
you be in school?
Oh, I just slipped away to shop.
You know, I've always wanted
a fine timepiece.
What happened
with Harvey now?
He's going to go to Colette's
for Thanksgiving.
I always went to his house.
Now where will I go?
What will become of me?
But I thought you always said
Mrs. Kinkle's stuffing
tasted like lumpy spackle.
Yes, but with gravy and Harvey,
it was pretty good.
How could I have been so stupid?
I wish I had never kissed Josh.
I know. I wish I had
never kissed Estes Kefauver.
I wish things weren't
so messed up with me and Harvey.
It may not be
over between you.
Sometimes people
just need
a little time apart.
Try to remember,
whatever happens
if it was meant to be,
it will be.
And everything happens
for a reason.
And safety first.
Okay, I need to work
on my clichés.
One decaf cappuccino
coming right up.
¶ Love lift us up
where we belong ¶
¶ Where the eagles cry... ¶
(machine gurgling)
Uh, this is
our new drink--
the, um, foam-uccino.
Harvey, I was just...
not thinking about you.
Hey, listen,
uh, we need to talk.
Really?
Yeah, but...
it's pretty busy in here.
Maybe it's not a good time.
No...
Guess I didn't hear
the ice cream truck.
So, what did you want
to talk about?
Well, last night I was looking
at all this stuff that I have
that reminds me of you.
You were? I was, too.
So you agree that,
now that we're broken up,
we should give all that stuff
back to each other?
Absolutely.
That's...
just what I was thinking.
Well, look at the crowd.
I should get back to work.
Hey, aren't those the people
that just left?
They check out the competition;
they always come back.
(sobbing)
His letterman's jacket...
pictures...
(sobbing): No...
the hat he made me
in wood shop...
Please, just talk to him.
He's good people.
He's moved on.
We've moved on.
There's nothing left
to talk about.
You want me to talk to him?
No. Harvey's just not
the right guy for me.
Oh, so you still
want to date Josh.
No, but the whole thing
with Josh
made me realize that...
well, what I want
is a college guy.
Yeah, a college guy.
Yeah, somebody cool
and... ptth!
Harvey's just not that cool.
I always thought
I'd be Harvey's best man
at your wedding.
(knocking on door)
SALEM:
Hilda, Zelda,
it's so sad.
We have a surprise.
We're going to cook
Thanksgiving dinner.
Turkey, stuffing and gravy?
Lots of gravy?
Wow. You guys have
never celebrated
Thanksgiving before.
Well, we've decided
to put our hard feelings
towards those poopie old
witch-hating pilgrims aside.
Now, Hilda, we realized
that it was more important
to cheer up someone we love
than to hold a grudge...
against those
poopie old pilgrims.
You guys are the best.
We're doing this
for Sabrina.
If it involves gravy,
you can do it
for Moms Mabley,
for all I care.
Well, here's your stuff.
Yeah, here's yours.
Aw, my Hootie and
the Blowfish CD.
Oh...
Here's your lip gloss.
Guess my books won't smell
like strawberry swirl anymore.
Thanks.
Well... I guess
that's everything.
Yep. So...
See ya.
Yeah. See ya.
Bye.
I can't believe
it wasn't meant to be.
He's keeping her picture.
(in Valley talk):
So, guy, Dreama
I can't believe
he actually kept her picture.
(both squealing with laughter)
That means
he totally still likes her.
But Sabrina doesn't think
Harvey's cool enough.
Please, she's my friend,
but she just doesn't get it.
Don't tell her I said that.
Girlfriend,
it's up to you.
Put a magic thermometer spell
on Harvey
and make him cool.
I'll do it.
Not before you rinse me. God.
"Reach hand in cavity.
Loosen and remove
giblets and gizzard."
Go ahead, Zellie.
You go ahead.
I unwrapped the foul fowl.
Well, who came up
with this stupid rule
that witches have to make
Thanksgiving dinner by hand?
Stupid witches.
They're just trying
to discourage us
from celebrating
Thanksgiving.
Well, it's working.
Oh, come on, we have
to do this for Sabrina.
Let's just leave
the gizzard, hmm?
What's next?
"Salt and pepper to taste."
This is hard.
Okay, Harvey, be cool.
(bell ringing)
I am so out of here.
Cool.
Sabrina, you have
to talk to Harvey.
Oh, man, you're like
a dog with a bone.
Listen, Harvey and I
have given back
all our relationship stuff.
We have closure.
But trust me--
Harvey's really changed.
We have closure.
Then why did he keep
a picture of you
in his locker?
Closure.
He kept my picture?
Did I also win a Nobel prize
you didn't tell me about?
I've got to talk to him.
Oh. Hey, Harvey.
Yo, 'Brina.
'Brina?
Look, um, do you
think we could talk?
What do you call
what we're doing right now?
(cell phone ringing)
It's the Kink-Man.
Harvey just blew me off.
But isn't he cool?
Oh, are you responsible
for the rebel without a clue?
I guess, but I thought you
wanted him to be different.
No, I was just rationalizing
to get through this
lonely, desperate time.
Oh.
Ay!
You've got to stop him
before he starts
looking for Potsie.
Okay, okay,
I'll warm him up.
I don't want
no stinking fish sticks.
Too hot. Too hot. You've
turned him into a hothead.
Hey.
What are you looking at,
freckle boy?!
Oh, it's time I take
matters in my own finger.
Wait, Clarence.
You dropped your Pokemon cards.
There. Perfect temperature.
Hi, Harvey.
Oh, hi, Colette.
Mind if I walk you
to class?
I'm so glad I arranged
that for her.
These recipes
are so involved.
Why don't we make
our own traditional
Thanksgiving foods?
Great idea.
How about microwave popcorn?
Yes, and we'll put it
in a casserole
and melt miniature marshmallows
on top of it.
It's too bad
you're being sarcastic
because that sounds
kind of good.
Okay, lunch is almost over,
so I don't have much time,
but I was wondering
if you knew
of a "fix a broken love" spell?
Oh, sure, honey--
it's filed
right next to the "make
life perfect" spell.
Oh, I could use that, too.
Sabrina, you know you
can't use magic for love.
Oh, what can I use magic for?
Trust me--
in matters of the heart,
the mortal way
is the magic way.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's always so satisfying
when I get through to her.
Check this out
in the witch's cookbook.
"Have a homemade traditional
Thanksgiving dinner
with all the fixings,
in just one easy step."
ZELDA:
Wonderful.
We'll have an authentic
Thanksgiving dinner
made by hand--
just not our hands.
Okay, Harvey, we need to talk.
Hey, Colette,
we need to talk.
Sure. What is it?
You're really nice
but this relationship
doesn't feel
that comfortable to me,
and I think it'd be better
if we stopped
seeing each other.
(quietly):
Yes!
You're breaking up with me
so you can get back
with Sabrina, aren't you?
Yes.
It's not that.
I mean...
I still love
and care about her
but I don't know
if I can ever forgive Sabrina
for what she did.
(whimpers):
No.
If you want him to
forgive you, just
say you're sorry.
Look, I totally betrayed him.
I can't walk up
to him and say, "Sorry!"
But if you..
No, you don't
know how he said it.
I'll just show you.
(audio rewinding)
I don't know
if I can ever forgive Sabrina
for what she did.
Ouch.
Harvey's never said
anything like that before.
HARVEY:
Colette, I never meant
to hurt you.
Oh, I really need
to remember
to turn off my radio soaps.
(projection screen
retracts, flutters)
I hope our
kitchen meets
all your
culinary needs.
Mother, my eyes vex me.
We should never
have partaken
of that evil weed.
Yes. Wretched tobacco!
Now don't be vexed.
How about
I get some tea for thee?
The mortal way--
they're pilgrims.
Of course.
Hot tea coming right up.
(microwave humming)
Witch!
They don't exactly
think outside of
the box, do they?
There's got to be a spell
to make Harvey forgive me.
Sabrina, maybe you should
listen to your aunts' advice:
The mortal way is the magic way.
Here's one:
"If you've done something wrong
"in a relationship,
start over
by going back
to the drawing board."
Or you could
just ignore the cat.
Okay, now,
all I need to do is
fill in our thought bubbles
with what I want us to say.
Let's see, I'll say,
"Can you forgive and forget?"
And Harvey'll say,
"All is forgiven and forgotten."
Now, we'll all live
happily ever after.
Wish me luck.
Hey, you should try to get
on The Simpsons.
Harvey, can you
forgive and forget?
All is forgiven
and forgotten.
I'm sorry. I forgot.
You are...?
Sabrina.
And I am...?
Okay, back
to the drawing board.
Let's see.
To err is human,
to forgive divine.
This one'll work.
So, to err is human.
Why these fish sticks
are simply divine.
I must forgive the lunch lady
for wreaking havoc
with my waistline.
Sabrina...
your outfit, divine.
Okay, apparently,
with this board
you have to choose
your words very carefully.
So something simple
and heartfelt.
"Harvey, let go and let God."
Yes, my child?
Shoot!
Sorry, Father.
Okay, I got
the perfect idea.
Hey!
I was going to use that board
to mend the rift between me
and Yvonne de Carlo.
John, Mary,
aren't we overreacting
just a bit?
You're witches. Admit it.
All right, if you insist.
Oh, merciful heavens!
Oh, you know, for people
who crossed the Atlantic
and fought Indians,
you're kind of fraidy cats.
Come on now.
We just need you
to make Thanksgiving dinner.
It would mean so
much to our niece.
So if we prepare a feast
for you, you'll send us home?
Quicker than you
can say "cornucopia."
Aunt Hilda and Zelda,
I really need to
talk to you...
away from Mr. and
Mrs. Quaker Oats.
Wait. Somebody has
to watch the pilgrims.
Witch! Witch!
Pilgrim! Pilgrim!
John, Mary, this is our very
friendly talking cat, Salem.
He'll help you get started.
If he tries to repress
your freedom of religion,
just spray him
with a water bottle.
I just realized
that I can't use a spell
to make Harvey forgive me.
Oh, so you're going to try it
the mortal way?
No. I wanted to know
if I could borrow
your magic lost in time clock?
You have to admit,
she's tenacious.
I just want to go back
to that night on the porch.
I won't kiss Josh,
and Harvey won't be hurt.
Please? I really need
a second chance.
I am the most powerful
of all witches,
and I will only
be appeased by gravy.
Stir faster or I'll
turn you into toads.
Unleash not your anger!
We stir, sir!
Well, I'm off
to right a wrong.
Now... how do I do this?
You make a left turn
at "yesterday"
and then go forward
toward "the past."
Okay, if you need me, I'll be
on our porch two weeks ago.
Good luck.
Well, I guess,
while we're waiting,
I could take a look
at your bookkeeping.
What bookkeeping?
Cool.
Oh, so, um,
what was I saying?
If everyone would
just buy a goat
then we could eliminate
leaf blowers
and stop global warming.
Well, here we are.
Oh, thanks
for helping me study.
You're welcome. And
you can admit I'm right
about the goat
thing later.
Sorry, Josh, but I have
a really wonderful
boyfriend Harvey
and, if I kiss you,
then that'll hurt Harvey
and that would ruin our
relationship forever.
Well I wouldn't want you to do
anything you may later regret.
Thank you for being
so understanding.
You don't look sick to me.
Harvey, wait!
I'm rewriting
history here!
This stupid
clock is broken.
I went back in time, and it
still ruined things with Harvey.
Oh, honey, when the
past refuses to change
it means what happened
was meant to be.
Why would that
be meant to be?
What good could
possibly come of this?
We never said something good
would come of it.
So it's really over
between Harvey and me?
Aw. You okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
Just going to do some stuff
on my school paper
and bury myself in my work.
I don't need love.
I hope
she still needs turkey.
Oh, right, turkey.
I wonder how Salem's doing
with those pilgrims.
I must taste everything.
Nothing leaves this kitchen
until it passes my lips.
Mm.
Ooh, too spicy.
(grunts):
Too bland.
Eh! Not just right.
Need I remind you of the penalty
for displeasing me... toads?
Then be done with it.
We prefer that
to this oppression.
Go ahead. Use
your magic, witch.
Uh-oh.
(Sobbing)
you don't want to cook me.
I'm awful gamey.
Okay.
Uh, this is not
how we left things.
He is an abomination.
Oh, so you've had time
to get to know each other.
More importantly,
how's the meal coming?
Hear ye, hear ye-- we quit.
Wait. Um, look
maybe we've
asked of you
without giving
anything in return.
Yeah, if you cook for us,
we'll zap you anything you want.
A new horse? A winter coat?
(horse sputters)
Witch! Witch!
Yes, we've established
that we're witches.
So, do we have a deal?
Good wife
look at the strong haunches
on that horse.
You know...
we could use
a new feather bed.
And a bed warmer.
I want a real pewter one--
like the Joneses next door.
Awfully greedy for Puritans.
We'll give you whatever
you want; just cook.
This shall be a Thanksgiving
like no other.
ZELDA:
Absolutely.
No dysentery this time.
Okay, we'll get
out of your way.
Hey, isn't someone going
to untie the cat?
Oh, sorry.
Are you... sorry?
Yes, very.
I'm so glad
to hear you say that.
I'm so glad to say I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I didn't say
I was sorry sooner.
But I'm sorry.
None of this would have happened
if I hadn't taken you
for granted
and spent all my time
with brad and the guys.
I'm sorry I thought
I wanted to date Josh.
I'm sorry I dated Josh.
I'm sorry to keep
bringing it up.
And I'm sorry for saying
I'd call at 8:15,
but I didn't call till 8:20.
And I'm sorry I ate
the last Milk Dud
at the movies.
Boy, I've really missed you.
I've missed you too.
You know...
I thought I couldn't
forgive you,
but sometimes I feel
like I'm under your spell.
I guess sometimes
the mortal way
is the magic way.
What?!
You don't have
to agree with me.
So, um, do you want to come over
for a traditional Thanksgiving?
I thought your aunts don't cook
Thanksgiving dinner.
Well, that's the tradition.
So, will you do
me the honor
of taking back
all of my junk?
If you'll take mine.
Hey!
You varnished it.
Yeah, my dad sprayed
it, so no termites.
I thought
up another way
for you and Harvey
to get back together.
Never mind.
I knew there was someone
I was supposed to call.
Thanksgiving dinner
is served.
Oh boy.
Your caterers
really go all out.
I know why that thing
with Josh was meant to be--
made me appreciate
how much Harvey means to me.
And I know
another reason
why the whole Josh
thing was meant to be.
I found out I really
like Thanksgiving.
Come on, you two.
Everyone please, enjoy.
Witch! Witch!
Sorry. Habit.
Well, okay.
Um, let's go around the table
and say what we're thankful for.
Okay.
I'm thankful for family.
I'm thankful to you guys
for doing this.
(muffled mouthful):
More yams.
Did your cat just say
"more yams"?
(laughing)
Come on, you guys, dance.
Loosen up.
It's not immoral, just fun.
Oh, come on.
It'll help you digest your food.
Live a little.
It's a holiday.
Go pilgrims! Go pilgrims!
Go pilgrims!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org